Release Notes for CRUX PPC 3.5

  Introduction

   This page discusses the relevant changes introduced in CRUX PPC 3.5.

 Supported machines:
 Apple 32bit "NewWorld" G3/G4 

 Other machines which use the G3, G4, or 60X PowerPC processors may be 
 compatible with CRUX PPC 3.5 but are untested. Use on non-MAC machines will 
 likely require the user to improvise installation (and at the least
 will require the user to obtain/build a kernel for their machine).

 Non supported machines:
 64bit PowerPC.

  Toolchain updates

   CRUX PPC 3.5 includes glibc 2.28, gcc 8.3.0 and binutils 2.32 .

  Kernel

   Linux-4.19.24

  Important changes

   CRUX PPC 3.5 is a new port of CRUX to the PowerPC.  There is no support
   for upgrading from any earlier CRUX PPC releases to 3.5.  

   CRUX PPC 3.5 is released as a root filesystem tar archive.
   An install ISO is not provided at the current time.


  Miscellaneous notes

   Please be sure you are using the  latest version of firmware for your  own
   machine.

  Known issues

   CRUX PPC does not provide .signature checking on the ppc specific packages.

   It is not uncommon for the footprints to mismatch when building on powerpc.
   The package build utilities provide an option to ignore footprints. 

   The contents of core-ppc, opt-ppc, and xorg-ppc are not automatically
   updated when 'ports -u' is run.  For now, the user will have to 
   manually pull their contents from this repository and update their
   system with any changes.

   On some monitors, the left most characters are not visible.  Until this
   is solved, a workaround is to install the xorg server packages and then
   run 'startx'.  The whole output will then be visible in the x windows.

   The midori browser does not seem to function properly with https
   connections (on ppc only, works fine on x86..).  Until this is solved, 
   it is best to not spend the (long) time needed to build it and it's
   dependency chain.

   Only a subset of opt and xorg packages have been built with CRUX PPC.
   Some of the packages have not been built at all, and others have had
   to be downreved to build.   opt and xorg packages particularly are a 
   work in progress for CRUX PPC.
 
  Tips

   Package build times can be quite long even on faster powerpc machines.
   Allow for some hours (maybe days on slower machines) when building 
   big packages.  Ensure that your machine has the maximum RAM that it
   can support.

   For now, there is no pre-built browser provided.   The shortest path
   to a (somewhat functional) gui browser on CRUX-PPC is the "dillo" browser. 
   The "dillo" port is not present in 3.5 but previously existed and
   has been adjusted for 3.5.   It can be found under "misc".

   The lynx or links browser can also be installed quickly if a text based
   browser is sufficient for the users needs.

   
